Respect subcommittees in gossip validations for Altair (#2329)
ethereum/eth2.0-specs: specs/altair/p2p-interface.md

 
This topic is used to propagate partially aggregated sync committee signatures to be included in future blocks.

The following validations MUST pass before forwarding the `signed_contribution_and_proof` on the network; define `contribution_and_proof = signed_contribution_and_proof.message`, `contribution = contribution_and_proof.contribution`, and the following function `get_sync_subcommittee_pubkeys` for convenience:

```python
SYNC_SUBCOMMITTEE_SIZE = SYNC_COMMITTEE_SIZE // SYNC_COMMITTEE_SUBNET_COUNT

> def get_sync_subcommittee_pubkeys(state: BeaconState, subcommittee_index: uint64) -> Sequence[BLSPubkey]:

Reviewer: Does p2p spec get built with python? I don't suppose so

Either toss this in validator.md or add p2p-interface.md into the build

Author: makes more sense to scan `p2p-interface.md` but looks like we dont currently support constants in markdown blocks so had to fold it in

- _[IGNORE]_ The signature's slot is for the current slot, i.e. `sync_committee_signature.slot == current_slot`.
- _[IGNORE]_ The block being signed over (`sync_committee_signature.beacon_block_root`) has been seen (via both gossip and non-gossip sources).
- _[IGNORE]_ There has been no other valid sync committee signature for the declared `slot` for the validator referenced by `sync_committee_signature.validator_index`.

> - _[REJECT]_ The `subnet_id` is correct, i.e. `subnet_id in compute_subnets_for_sync_committee(state, sync_committee_signature.validator_index)`. 

Reviewer: Slight suggestion on language to imply that there might be multiple valid things here and it's wrt the validator
```suggestion
- _[REJECT]_ The `subnet_id` is valid for the given validator, i.e. `subnet_id in compute_subnets_for_sync_committee(state, sync_committee_signature.validator_index)`. 
```
